Every organization has unique needs.
They have their own way of doing business,
their own operational strategy,
their own IT strategies,
and their own security posture.
Because of that, I tell folks that are just starting out their GRC careers that
you almost need to know the business better than it knows itself.
Now, what I mean by that is that there are no one size fits all security controls,
and there aren't any one size fits all GRC strategies.
Instead, you must work within the context to the business.
Security GRC really does provide the support structure and
oversight for the security mechanisms that protect each business.
But knowing how to apply GRC concepts to
unique business profiles takes a good deal of practice.
Let's take, for example,
a relatively common organizational scenario.
Your organization has a bunch of
servers that are really behind their patch management schedules.
What do you do? What if I told you that those applications,
that those servers support are scheduled to go away within a year,
does that change your answer?
What if I told you that they were scheduled to go away in six months?
What about that? Does that change your answer?
Or what if I told you they were scheduled to go away in 10 days?
That's just an example of how business context can change what you do as a GRC analyst.